# Report Card Comment Generator

This was my first JavaScript project, made when I was first getting into web development.

## Purpose of this project

I wrote the logic for this app when I was in the midst of writing Term 2 report card comments for my ~120 students, and realized that while each comment had to be specific and tailored to each student, the format was similar and a frame for the comment could be generated by a computer. The comments had to take into account a student's learning skills and highlight how they demonstrated growth in their work. It should also highlight an area that the student should work on improving in the future. I also wanted the generator to be able to write comments based on some given assignments that a teacher wanted to highlight. 

With this, a teacher could have semi-personalized comments for each student, then go on to add more specific comments to highlight students' unique strengths and achievements. I personally was able to write my comments for Term 2 in two days compared to the ~1.5 weeks that it took me in Term 1 when I wrote them manually.

## How this Report Card Comment Generator works

The teacher downloads the spreadsheet template found on the main page.
In the template, the teacher provides each student's first name, gender, overall percentage mark, and grades for the assignments to be highlighted.
On the generator, the teacher provides the course title, two assignment titles, and the learning/skills that were meant to be developed through each assignment.
The teacher can check off the "final report card" box if they want to leave a well-wishing comment for the end of the course.
The teacher can press submit, then the generated comments will show up in the box below the inputs.
Comments can then be copied and pasted into whatever editor the teacher wants to edit them on!
